# Mission Background
An expedition of an alien race called Binarians from planet Xenu, which is located in Vela constellation, has recently wound up in our Solar system. Their civilization is dedicated to establishing peace and justice throughout the universe. However, Binarians are not the most patient race in the universe: if they deem a species too violent, they simply annihilate it.  
Binarian spaceship dropped out of warp near Saturn earlier this year, and is expected to approach the Earth in a couple of days. In the meantime, they have studied the Earth and human race, and come to a conclusion that we are greedy savages who kill each other, wage absurd wars, and let many people starve and live in inhuman conditions even though there are enough resources on our planet for everyone.  
Nevertheless, they decided to give us one last chance to avoid annihilation of our race if we can prove that we are actually intelligent and worthy of life in this universe. Our satellites intercepted the transmissions of their encrypted messages, and a team of world’s top cryptologists, linguists, and computer scientists was assembled in secluded, top-secret facilities to work on deciphering those messages.  
However, someone managed to sabotage the mission and we lost all contact with the team just as they were on the verge of a breakthrough. Luckily, there was a backup plan that the saboteur didn’t know about: one team member was secretly uploading their findings with each progress to a secure cloud. We may not be able to establish contact with the team in time to save the Earth, so it is now up to you, the students of Hacettepe University Computer Engineering Department, to complete the mission and save our planet and the whole human race from extinction.  
# Mission: Decrypt Alien Message
The original Binarian message consists of characters and symbols unknown to humans, but the linguists assigned ASCII characters to each symbol to simplify the process of language decryption. They managed to extrapolate the meaning of the words included in the message, and compile a Binarian-English Dictionary. The compiled dictionary is stored in dictionary.txt which we are supposed to import into our program (use the Python dictionary data structure). 
<br>
Each line consists of a word in Binarian followed by its English meaning, and the type of the word in parentheses (n stands for noun, v for verb, adj for adjective, pro for pronoun, conj for conjunction, num for numbers, adv for adverbials, excl for exclamation, ques for question). 

The file that contains the original and whole Binarian transmission is jumbled. Some lines contain the actual text of their message, whereas other lines that start with certain characters contain data about Binarian race and their home-world: 
| Lines that start with ‘+’ contain astrophysical data about the Binarian planet, 
| Lines that start with ‘#’ contain metadata, 
| All other lines form the whole Binarian message when pieced together
